Add Soft Actor-Critic documentation (#87)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/content/en/deep-learning-ai/sac.md

---
type: docs
title: "Soft Actor-Critic"
linkTitle: "Soft Actor-Critic"
weight: 50

> description: Spice.ai implementation of the Deep Q Learning algorithm (DQL)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Spice.ai implementation of the Soft Actor-Critic algorithm (SAC)
```
